Add note about how to preserve debug symbols in Rust (#21347)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/observability/dev-tools/cpu-usage.mdx

You now have a CPU profile.

:::note

> For Rust Workers, add the following to your `Cargo.toml` to preserve [DWARF](https://dwarfstd.org/) debug symbols (from [this comment](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-pack/issues/1351#issuecomment-2100231587)):

Reviewer: Hi @lukevalenta 👋 Is wasm an industry standard that we trust? It can be tricky to use external dependencies like that in the docs if it could be subject to change or even become malware. If not, is there some more general advice we can provide instead? Thanks!

Author: Hi @ToriLindsay, Web Assembly (wasm) is the the glue that allows us to run any compiled language (like Rust, Go, or C on Workers (see https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/webassembly/), so this PR isn't suggesting to add any external dependencies that aren't already present.

(cc @zebp or @irvinebroque)

```toml title="wrangler.toml"
[package.metadata.wasm-pack.profile.dev.wasm-bindgen]
dwarf-debug-info = true
```

> And update `wrangler.toml` to configure wasm-pack (via worker-build) to use the `dev` [profile](https://rustwasm.github.io/docs/wasm-pack/commands/build.html#profile) to preserve debug symbols:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, update your wrangler.toml to configure wasm-pack (via worker-build) to use the `dev` [profile](https://rustwasm.github.io/docs/wasm-pack/commands/build.html#profile) to preserve debug symbols.
```
This is just for clarity
